.TH zfifo 1  "Nov 21, 2014" "version {{VERSION}}" "USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
zfifo \- Zone client for project-fifo run zones

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zfifo
[\-h|\-\-help] [\-V|\-\-version] [\-v|\-\-verbose] [\-j|\-\-json] {snapshots,
backups, metadata, cluster, stack}

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h|\-\-help
display a short help text, can be used for all sub commands
.TP
\-j|\-\-json
prints all output as json instead of formating it
.TP
\-V|\-\-version
shows the current version
.TP
\-v|\-\-verbose
Enables verbose debugging output

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
snapshots list [\-p] [\-H] [\-\-fmt FMT]
Lists all snapshots.

.B FMT
can be one or more (joined by ',') of: uuid, size, tiemstamp, comment
.TP
snapshots create <comment>
Creates a new snapshot with the provided
.B <comment>.
.TP
backups list [\-p] [\-H] [\-\-fmt FMT]
Lists all backups for this vm.

.B FMT
can be one or more (joined by ',') of: uuid, parent, local, size, state,
tiemstamp, comment
.TP
metadata get
Shows the VM's metadata.
.TP
metadata set [\-i|\-\-integer] [\-f|\-\-float] [\-s|\-\-string] [\-s|\-\-json] key value
Sets the metadata, the
.B key
can contain '.' to write deeper into a nested stricutre. By default the value is treated
as a string but this can be overwritten by the type arguments.
.TP
cluster get
Shows the cluster configuration.
.TP
cluster set [\-i|\-\-integer] [\-f|\-\-float] [\-s|\-\-string] [\-s|\-\-json] key value
Sets the cluster configuration, the
.B key
can contain '.' to write deeper into a nested stricutre. By default the value is treated
as a string but this can be overwritten by the type arguments.
.TP
stack get
Shows the stack configuration.
.TP
stack set [\-i|\-\-integer] [\-f|\-\-float] [\-s|\-\-string] [\-s|\-\-json] key value
Sets the stack configuration, the
.B key
can contain '.' to write deeper into a nested stricutre. By default the value is treated
as a string but this can be overwritten by the type arguments.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.B fifo-tool
returns zero on a successful execution and one when a error
occurred printing some details of the error.

.SH AUTHOR
Heinz N. 'Licenser' Gies (heinz (at) licenser.net)
